This repository contains the code and the data artifacts of submission #61 at ARES 2025 as well as the code and artifacts for its extension to Sliver for CS6501 at UVA.  

If you use this data or code, please cite the authors.  

# Sliver-Artifacts
The `sliver-artifacts` directory contains the artifacts from testing the Parssegny et al. approach against the Sliver C2, within each of the subdirectories is
/captures: Contains all of our PCAP captures from our virtualized network on Proxmox
/datasets: Contains all of our combined CSV datasets, created from combining different subsets of PCAPs within the captures folder
/extracted: Contains all of the extracted flows from those CSVs
/prepared: Contains the CSVs with the remaining flows after they have been filtered through Parssegny et al.'s pipeline
/results: Contains three subdirectories containing our results for each of the three experiments, the .json output from the final training pipeline
/scripts: Contains any newly added scripts to make cross-tool training possible, generate benign traffic on a windows machine, and convert PCAPs to the expected format CSV

# Data  

The `data` directory contains the PCAP and the CSV files generated by the authors.
Files beginning with "cs" are malicious traffic-linked files.
This traffic must be labeled as "Cobalt Strike" or "Malicious" in datasets.  

Files beginning with "benign" are benign traffic.
This traffic must be labeled as "Benign" in datasets.   

Because of licence compatibility, we do not provide PCAP or CSV for the UPC, UPNA and CTU datasets.
The features for these datasets can be retrieved by using the [**nfdump**](https://github.com/phaag/nfdump) tool on the associated PCAP files.

# Code

The code used in our machine learning experiments is in the `src` directory.  
A README.md file inside this directory explains what are the different scripts and how to reproduce the results.  




